[Music]
hey everyone so we're making daisy
chains and just sitting on the grass
outside the Cavendish stop encouraging
the birds it's trying to feed the birds
phone I'm not in a great mood to be
honest I just don't you think that exam
went very well at all I'm also tired
couldn't sleep well last night I'm
feeling stressed because have got
another exam tomorrow morning I know I
can't afford to like dwell on the last
exam so I just feel like all of my exams
so far I've just not one of them was
gone
good I'm pretty sure I've passed all of
them but like at this stage a pass isn't
good enough and I've just got tough
exams from now on to be honest like if
anything these first three with the
easier ones so great I'm really really
trying my best
I guess that's all that counts but it's
just annoying when I always sat higher
expectations of myself or even like I
don't even think he's a high
expectations tomatoes I've set average
expectations of myself and when I can't
even meet those average expectations
it's just it's just a bit gutting but
well gonna pick myself up hey guys so I
was just like doing my work and then we
thought actually I'm just going the cop
on line again I remind myself how they
grade us for this year because I think
I've mentioned before how they just have
these set targets they need this
percentage of people to get this grade
and this percentage of people to get
this grade and essentially we're all
competing against each other I
originally thought it was 80% of people
get a 2:1 or a first turns out it's 60%
and not 80% and I've got it wrong which
i think is crazy that's 40% of people
get a 2 to 1/3 or a fail and that might
sound like not a lot to you and you
might be thinking oh that's fair that's
null but the thing is the admissions
to Cambridge's it's tough and the people
who end up here tend to be the people
who were getting A's a stars at a level
and top scorers at school all the way
through so now they're putting us all
together and they're saying 40% of those
people who have been getting top scores
all the way through the academic career
so far forty percent of them have to get
a two to a third or a fail which by a
lot of standards like a lot of people
would say oh that's that's not a great
great yeah so now I'm just feeling even
more hopeless than I was before and I'd
just like to clarify that I'm not saying
oh we're all so clever here at Cambridge
we should all just get first
automatically that that's not what I'm
saying at all I'm just saying that the
people who tend to have got to Cambridge
including myself tend to have a pretty
good work ethic
I definitely pride myself on always
having worked hard and I think I could
say the same for most of the people here
if we all went different universities
that one Cambridge more than 60% of
those people would get a 2:1 or a first
for sure because we've calmed the whole
way through having still worked so hard
you're not going to suddenly lose that
work ethic and I just feel like being at
Cambridge I maybe will get a worse grade
then I would if I was studying elsewhere
it's not really something I'd thought of
beforehand but then I suppose you can
say the same for a lot of universities
and it's not just Cambridge different
universities are gonna have different
levels of trickiness unfortunately and
that's just the way it is the other
really annoying thing is that other
subjects are definitely not as tough to
get a 2:1 or first in like English about
90% of people get a 2:1 or first in
English that second year English by the
way but compared to second year Natural
Sciences which is 60 percent the subject
you do should not affect how easy it is
to get a grade anyway sorry I'm just
complaining about heart I'm justified
life is and I should be revising so I'm
gonna get back to revision everyone I'm
still revising this evening tomorrow's
exam is the one I'm least prepared for
so far I know I said that about the last
one but this one truly is I'm just going
to say that that literally I'm gonna say
quietly in case they can hear me out the
window they put in a basketball hoop
earlier this week just outside my
accommodation and oh that's nice
except people have been playing
basketball every single day all day
everyday all I can hear is bounce bounce
bounce bangers the balls thrown into the
hoop it's 9:15 and there's still people
out there playing basketball can you
hear that bouncing which is just typical
when I've got exams it's been quite
quiet for most of the year but I think
because other people are finished with
exams or maybe the weather's getting
nicer I don't know everyone's out there
I'm gonna get back to work I need to
make sure I can confidently answer at
least six questions because I get I have
to choose six questions out of ten I
need to choose the topics I want to
answer
yeah but a miss to get to bed and early
as possible because as soon as my exam
tomorrow is finished I've got to get
back revising for phys B which is the
next day this is honestly the most
stressful exam period I've ever had in
my life oh well I think the aim is just
pass this exam tomorrow
[Applause]
[Music]
oh hello everyone I just hit a hundred
thousand subscribers 100 thousand what
what oh my cute everyone for subscribing
oh my god I've been so preoccupied with
exams I haven't spoken to you since at
some point yesterday when I was feeling
a bit down yeah I just I worked all of
yesterday evening I tried to go to bed
last night and get a good amount of
sleep I just didn't sleep last night I
maybe had about five hours sleeps for
the past two nights which means I am so
so tired like I'm feeling drained it's
just not ideal but I just can't sleep
it's there's too much stress and
adrenaline oh my god it's such a
nightmare how'd my exam this morning
which you know if you'd spoken to me
this time yesterday I probably would've
been like ah there's a risk of me
failing but actually I did enough work
yesterday that it went okay today
problem was I got to the exam
I just wanted to fall asleep the
tiredness really really hit me and I was
like this just shows you just you just
can't go without sleep
so yeah just learn from me there get a
good night's sleep for any exam and make
sure you try and get a good sleep
schedule during exams
I was working slower than normal in the
exam just cuz I was so tired so I'm
lucky the exams too went okay the paper
was nice the questions were nice on the
paper and then obviously with all this
going on I just completely forgot about
my subscriber count like I knew one
hundred thousand was near sure but like
I just wasn't keeping track and then my
friends would like just now Paige like
you're like 10 subscribers away and I
was like you know I think it's gonna
take a bit of time to like sink in I
don't know what to say
I'm really really happy thank you
everyone for subscribing I'm gonna
celebrate with an exam and then um next
week we'll do something nice hey
everyone so I've had a nap and I feel
refreshed didn't want to get up from my
nap after my nap I spoken to my sister
who's doing her a-levels at the moment
and caught up a bit with her my hair I'm
aware is like I feel like this hair just
kind of reflects life at the moment I
don't really care cuz like this exams
like I don't have time to be thinking
about my parents
I'll put effort into my appearance when
exams are over I have got coffee good
coffee this coffee is so needed gonna
file master stuff away get revising his
be like I feel like we're on the home
straight now for exams down two to go
it's nothing I've done 12 hours already
six hours to go it's fine I'm in such a
weird mood so I've had an exam this
morning I was so so stressed for it last
night I was literally up until maybe
half-past midnight last night revising
for this exam but I've actually figured
out today that staying low expectations
for yourself actually makes the exams
feel like they weren't a lot better
because the exam this morning was okay
the gods heard me and gave me questions
that were on stuff I'd revised I'm
honestly so relieved like I literally
could cry with relief right now
I was super stressed last night hence
why I haven't blog and I was super
stressed this morning I'm so so tired as
well but now I'm happy I've just been to
brunch with my friends it's a really
sunny day outside I'm taking the rest of
the day off today I absolutely need it
the last few days have been terrible
like I've literally been up so so late
every night which is not something you
should do the night before an exam so
please don't fall in my example I hope
this is like kind of showing you what
it's like to be a student who struggles
at university these exams aren't
supposed to be easy I'm not on it all
the time I really know I've obviously
tried my best I said that much I think
all we have been going I'm trying my
best and that's all that matters but it
is all that matters now I'm just happy
that I've got with a break my next exam
is in five days time I am going to sort
my life out my room is a mess I want to
sort that out I want to sort laundry out
ah I've just got a moment to think in a
moment to breathe and it feels so good
that would be very prompt
[Music]
every one so it's a bit later and I'm in
a very very good mood this evening I had
a nap and then I got up and I tidied my
room and look at this that's a tidy room
that is I don't see my room this tidy in
a very long time I don't realize that
the state of my room affects my mood but
as soon as I tidied my room up
I just felt instantly less stressed who
knew my room was causing me so much
stress but like it's so tidy let look I
don't have clothes hanging up anymore
that needs to be put away I always have
clothes hanging up there that I've like
just done laundry with and then um I
went to CAF with my friends we sat
outside went and played tennis Oh tennis
was so much fun this evening out on the
tennis courts just miss being to my
parents on the phone is having quite a
chill time I needed this break it was so
needed I just thought I'd put in a quick
disclaimer here because I was thinking
that okay you guys have obviously seen
me struggling with exams and stress this
week basically the aim of this channel
is to make a realistic documentation of
my life at uni and I keep it extremely
extremely real so you do see the highs
and the lows this is how I found exams
this year it's not gonna be like the
same for every single camera student I
in particularly get quite stressed and I
think kind of a way of relieving my
stress is probably venting to the vlog
so thanks a lot guys every Cambridge
student has like a slightly different
experience manages things in different
ways
unquote filiz now a clip got a fair few
days to prepare for my next exam so
there will be no more late nights is
that actually the first-ever exam season
that I've had a really bad sleep
schedule I'm normally a lot better than
this I think stress just kind of got the
better of me this year and I get a bit
irrational when I'm stressed oh another
topic of exams I thought I'd show you
guys
exam pencil-case in my exam pencil case
I have a ruler with my name one actually
I've had this for many many years some
pencils HB nice and long fairly new ones
I write for exams but I tend to use
mechanical pencils if I do need to
pencil I use Paper Mate ones they're
quite good quality they never tend to
snap and last me a long time I like to
do a lot of my revision in pencil just
because I'm such a perfectionist would I
write something I don't got to cross it
out if I get it wrong I like to rub it
out I was getting really sick of just
sharpening pencils constantly xx writing
because these were all I'd write with so
I was like you know what mechanical
pencils are the way life is so much
easier for pens because you never know
when they might run out you know a
protractor a set square a compass
lip-balm because I don't know you want
nice soft lips and mix I'm right just
you know in those few minutes before the
exam starts I'm like you know what let's
put some lip balm on a highlighter in
case I want to highlight any key parts
of the question some tissues in case I
ever need to blow my nose rubbers
multiple rubber pieces actually
and finally my exam timetable and that
is it that is why take into an exam
alongside water this stuff has been with
me through it all this past week bit a
bit of a roller coaster
and we're not over yet luckily five days
left in the road on yeah I'm gonna end
this book here thank you for watching
please do get the video I like and
subscribe if you enjoyed it I feel like
this video is gonna be one of those
videos I look back on and I'm gonna be
like oh my god I'm such a mess during
exam season but it's fine it's been it's
been okay overall do follow me on
Instagram as well
and yeah I think that's everything
thanks for watching see soon with
another video bye
[Music]